Add consent tracking model (#206)
snowplow/documentation: docs/modeling-your-data/modeling-your-data-with-dbt/dbt-models/dbt-web-data-model/index.md

For the incremental logic to work within the module, one **prerequisite** is to use `RDB Loader v4.0.0` and above as the custom module relies on the additional `load_tstamp` field for dbt native incrementalisation.

In order to keep the documentations separate and less verbose, this guide will assume the reader is already familiar with configuring and running the web model and will only explain what the custom consent module does and how to operate it in conjunction with the web model. Please refer to the [snowplow-web dbt docs](/docs/modeling-your-data/modeling-your-data-with-dbt/index.md) for a full breakdown of the package and how to set it up.

### Overview

> This custom module consists of a series of dbt models with the goal to produce the following aggregated models from the raw consent tracking events:
> 
>   - `snowplow_web_consent_log`: Snowplow incremental table showing the audit trail of consent and Consent Management Platform (cmp) events
> 
>   - `snowplow_web_consent_users`: Incremental table of user consent tracking stats
> 
>   - `snowplow_web_consent_totals`: Summary of the latest consent status as per consent version
> 
>   - `snowplow_web_consent_scope_status`: Aggregate of current number of users consented to each consent scope
> 
>   - `snowplow_web_cmp_stats`: Used for modeling cmp_visible events and related metrics
> 
>   - `snowplow_web_consent_versions`: Incremental table used to keep track of each consent version and its validity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This custom module consists of a series of dbt models which produce the following aggregated models from the raw consent tracking events:

  - `snowplow_web_consent_log`: Snowplow incremental table showing the audit trail of consent and Consent Management Platform (cmp) events

  - `snowplow_web_consent_users`: Incremental table of user consent tracking stats

  - `snowplow_web_consent_totals`: Summary of the latest consent status, per consent version

  - `snowplow_web_consent_scope_status`: Aggregate of current number of users consented to each consent scope

  - `snowplow_web_cmp_stats`: Used for modeling cmp_visible events and related metrics

  - `snowplow_web_consent_versions`: Incremental table used to keep track of each consent version and its validity
```

### Operation

It is assumed that the dbt_snowplow_web package is already installed and configured as per the [Quick Start](/docs/modeling-your-data/modeling-your-data-with-dbt/dbt-quickstart/index.md) instructions.

#### Enable the module

To enable the custom module simply copy the following code snippet to your own dbt_project.yml file:

```yml
# dbt_project.yml

models:
  snowplow_web:
    optional_modules:
      consent:
        enabled: true
        bigquery:
          enabled: "{{ target.type == 'bigquery' | as_bool() }}"
        snowflake:
          enabled: "{{ target.type == 'snowflake' | as_bool() }}"

> ```

Reviewer: 💡 Can we maybe call out somewhere this is currently only available for bigquery and snowflake?

> ####  Run the module
> If it is the first time you would like to process the snowplow_web package then you can run the package the recommended way either through your CLI or from within dbt Cloud with the following command:
> 
> ```
> dbt run --selector snowplow_web
> ```
> 
> However, assuming that you already have a working snowplow_web package and you would like to enable consent tracking and modeling at a later stage, you do not need to rebuild the whole model from scratch. Please refer to the [Custom module](/docs/modeling-your-data/modeling-your-data-with-dbt/dbt-custom-models/index.md) section for a detailed guide on how to achieve this the most efficient way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####  Run the module
If you have previously run the web model without this optional module enabled, you can simply enable the module and run `dbt run --selector snowplow_web` as many times as needed for this module to catch up with your other data. If you only wish to process this from a specific date, be sure to change your `snowplow__start_date`, or refer to the [Custom module](/docs/modeling-your-data/modeling-your-data-with-dbt/dbt-custom-models/index.md) section for a detailed guide on how to achieve this the most efficient way.

If you haven't run the web package before, then you can run it using `dbt run --selector snowplow_web` either through your CLI, within dbt Cloud, or for Enterprise customers you can use the BDP console. In this situation, all models will start in-sync as no events have been processed.

```

#### Good-to-know

> Whenever a new consent version is added to be tracked, the model expects an `allow_all` event in order to attribute the events to the full list of latest consent scopes. It is advisable to send a test event of that kind straight after deployment so that the model can process the data accurately.

Reviewer: 💡 Maybe call this out a little earlier along with the pre-req of loader 4.0.0?
